#summary PL/SQL Editor Version History
#labels Featured

=== Version 2.2 ^09 May 2011^ === 
*Changes/Fixes:*
 * Support !NetBeans 7.0
 * Actions Compile and !CompileLocalFile done in threads
 * Fixing toggle-comment functionality
 * GUI. Migrate !org.jdesktop.layout.GroupLayout -> !javax.swing.GroupLayout
 * Issue 7: Compile Local File does not recognise some syntax
 * Issue 8: Does not work with netbeans 7beta2
 * Issue 9: Not recognized statements
 * Issue 10: When character { and } is included in a string or comment compile fails

=== Version 2.1 ^22 June 2010^ === 
*Changes/Fixes:*
 * Service release to support !NetBeans 6.9 and JDK 6.

=== Version 2.0 ^10 May 2010^ === 
*Changes/Fixes:*
 * The PL/SQL language support is migrated from Generic Languages Framework (Project Schliemann) to Lexer & Parsing & Indexing API.
 * Required !NetBeans 6.8
 * Requirement about 500MB Java heap memory free *is obsolete*.

=== Version 1.2 ^4 March 2010^ === 
*Changes/Fixes:*
 * Issue 5: Enter one-line summary
 * Issue 6: Connecting with service name.

=== Version 1.1 ^5 December 2008^ === 
*Changes/Fixes:*
 * "Oracle Connection" form - layout problem fixed.
 * No more questions where locally save PL/SQL objects but still possible to change in the objects property form. Default folder is the user’s document directory.
 * Issue 3: PL/SQL editor does not support JOIN expressions
 * Bundled Oracle JDBC driver is upgraded to version 11.1.0.7.0 (was 11.1.0.6.0)

*New features:*
 * All plug-in modules are signed now.

=== Version 1.0 ^2 August 2008^ === 
First release.